# Lesson 7: Encapsulation

* The “Encapsulation” sample project on Blackboard will be used for this lab. (This project is NOT Git-enabled) 
* Enable it for Git and then create an empty project on GitHub and push your local copy to GitHub before proceeding. Remember, add and commit often and push your changes to GitHub when done working for the day...
* In the Encapsulation project you will find several packages. Those NOT labeled“Lab1, Lab2, etc.” are for discussion purposes only. These will be discussed now as examples of good and poor encapsulation...
* There are four packages: lab1, lab2, lab3 and lab4. You will work on each of these in order, practicing Property, Method and Class Encapsulation. Each lab gets progressively harder. Perform them in order. Instructions for each lab are at the top of the “Employee” class in each lab. Read these instructions carefully. Forlab4 a solution is also provided. Please do not look at the solution until you have made your best effort to solve lab4 on your own. Only peek if you have to. Please note that much of this lab work involves Critical Thinking and lots of trial and error, where you consider what you have learned and try to find ways to apply those skills to this new problem. This is the best way to learn but it may feel like you have been set adrift, alone in the sea, without any help at all. Not true! You can get help – from your peers and from your instructor. But don’t ask for help until you have tried your best. And don’t let anyone write the code for you...

